visit aromacup.com the world's leading
single serve coffee guide join our
forums talk with other coffee lovers
find coupons and reviews on great single
serve gourmet coffee machines coffee
capsules and more great information all
available at aromacup.com hey everybody
this is brian with aromacup.com welcome
to your virtual coffee shop brought to
you by aromacup.com today we're going to
be your virtual tea shop and we're going
to show you how you can make a great
chai
using Tassimo tea discs and the Bosch
Tassimo t47 oisin this guy's known as
the brew bot offense affectionately and
that's because it does all of the
brewing for you using tea disks tea
discs are very cool you're gonna notice
that I've got a Twinings chai tea tea
disc right here and it's got this chai
tea blend inside of it it's vacuum
sealed so this is gonna safe stay fresh
and it's got a barcode on the top here
the barcode is going to tell the t45 how
much water it should put into this chai
tea tea disc now I'm actually going to
go ahead and make a chai tea latte and
I'm gonna do that by making use of
another great tea disc which are the
latte milk creamer tea discs
now these guys do not need to be
refrigerated and all you need to do
before you use them to shake them up a
little bit this comes as a kit so there
are enough tea discs in here to make
eight drinks so you get eight of each of
these tea discs in one kit when you buy
that that kit and so it makes it easy to
make a whole bunch of drinks for friends
and things like that each of these is
going to make about 8 to 10 ounces worth
of a drink so you want to have a nice
big drink because you can make up to
about 16 ounces when you're making a
chai tea latte like I'm going to make so
make sure that you've got a nice big cup
mug glass tumbler or whatever works for
you and put it into your team 45 that's
a problem actually it's not a problem
check it out all I need to do in order
to use a big tall glass
is take out the drain from the bottom of
my t45 now I can put in a very large
tumbler which is great so after I've
done that I'm gonna go ahead and use my
Twinings chai tea tea disc and I'm gonna
put this guy into the t45 first open it
up flip your tea disc over and pop it
right into the t45 it's gonna line up
right here with the handle sticking out
close that guy up and you're gonna
puncture the seal on the chai tea now
I'm ready to start brewing I'm gonna
press the big silver button and the
barcode reader inside of the t45 is
gonna do its brew bot job and it's going
to read that barcode and it's going to
figure out how much water it should put
into this drink in order to make sure
that it brews the correct amount of tea
and as the Machine goes along it's going
to be putting putting pressure and water
into that tea disc so you want to go
ahead and let it finish its brew process
that's very important but again it moves
very quickly which is something that I
really like about this machine because
usually to make almost any kind of a hot
drink there's a little more setup you're
gonna find that you have to either take
out loose tea which is always tough or
you're going to have to take out teabags
various things like that and they can
become a little tedious you don't have
to do that using tea discs so when the
machine is done brewing you're gonna
notice that there's some extra pressure
coming out of it right now and we want
to let it finish brewing and we're gonna
know it's done when this light stops
blinking green that chai tea smells real
nice actually this is a really great
challenge Twinings is definitely one of
the most well known tea makers and so
you're gonna find the table a lot of
different blends that you can make use
of when you're making teas using the t45
ante disks so now that the machine is
all done we get the solid green light
here and I could just take this chai and
get on the road and start drinking it
but I want to make a latte as I say so
since the machine is done I can pop it
open I can take out my spent tea disc
get rid of that and now comes the fun
part I'm going to make the latte half of
my
chai tea latte take your a lot a milk
creamer shake up that tea disc a little
bit like I say because everything inside
of this can settle a little bit flip it
upside down pop it into the brew basket
it looks a little big but it's gonna fit
close this guy up and anytime you're
using one of the milk cream ler disks
make sure you have a cup underneath it
when you close it because you notice
I've already got some of the milk coming
out from puncturing that seal I'm all
set to go now I'm gonna go ahead press
the silver button and again the t45 is
going to read the barcode on that milk
cream or tea disc and it's going to know
that this is a milk cream or tea disc
and it should brew a certain amount of
water into the tea disc so well it does
its job I'll do my job tell you guys
about aromacup.com
make sure to join us on the site create
a free account watch some other great
videos from recipes on how to make a lot
of other great drinks that you can make
using machines like the t45 we will help
to demystify single-serve coffee for you
and show you how you can do all the
great things and more that you're used
to doing with your old-school drip style
coffee machine so the machine is
finishing up its brew process already
it's nice and quick cool thing about
this is that I've got a specialty drink
that I would usually pay a pretty penny
at most coffee shops for but I've got it
at a fraction of the price in the
comfort of my home which is something
that I really really like about machines
like the t45 and especially using tea
discs because of the number of different
drinks that I can create with this one
machine so the machine is all done I can
wait for it to finish I can put more hot
water into this drink but I don't really
want to water this down I want to have
my chai tea latte there you go it's good
to go clean up is real easy wait for
that green light to stop blinking which
it just did open it up and toss your
spent tea disk you're ready to brew
another cup for friends or anyone else
or in my case I'm gonna get on the road
I've got my cup enjoy your cup i'm brian
with aromacup.com this is your virtual
coffee shop join us on aromacup.com and
we will see you next time enjoy your
drink